LG gm7 50 available now the LG g m7 50
is a windows mobile 6.5 smartphone very
closely related to the existing gm730
handset featuring a 3-inch 240 by 400
pixel display a 5 megapixel camera with
autofocus and LED flash 3.5 G support
Wi-Fi and GPS the new g m7 fifty shares
almost every hardware feature with its
predecessor the main difference is that
the GM 750 comes with windows mobile 6.5
professional preloaded where the gm730
is a windows mobile 6.1 device although
it can be upgraded looking closely at
the scant available information on the
GM 750 it looks like it also has a
larger 1,500 milliamp hour battery and
possibly a slightly improved screen
inside is the same Qualcomm 528
megahertz processor that powers the vast
majority of Windows Mobile smartphones
so what's all the fuss about to be
honest it's hard to say windows mobile
6.5 is definitely an improvement over
the earlier version but we understand
that gm730 users can upgrade the
operating system if they want and as
with most recent LG windows devices this
comes of the s-class user interface
which makes it nicer to use there are
certainly rival phones that are just as
good as this though just in case you're
not familiar with the current version of
Windows Mobile then we should say that
it's a significant improvement in terms
of usability over older versions and it
comes with Pocket versions of Microsoft
Office applications plus support for
Microsoft Exchange push email a capable
multimedia player plus an FM radio and a
wide variety of other applications that
can be bought and downloaded the LG g m7
50 can also talk directly to social
networking sites such as Twitter
Facebook Flickr and Picasa and it also
supports YouTube and other video sites
the GM 750 comes with HSDPA
data with a maximum download speed of
7.2 megabits per second or alternatively
you could use the GM 750s Wi-Fi
capabilities LG say that the phone
measures a hundred and nine point eight
by fifty three point five by twelve
point nine millimeters which is a bit
more compact than the iPhone but then it
does come with a smaller display the LG
g m7 50 is exclusive to the Vodafone
Network until the end of the year prices
range from about 380 euro for a SIM free
version to free when taken with a
contract it does seem to offer pretty
good value for money when you consider
the specifications and it is a useful
addition to Vodafone somewhat moribund
lineup of phones